---
description: This page shall guide you through server moderation commands.
---

# Moderation

### Basic Moderation Commands and Arguments

<table><thead><tr><th>Command Name</th><th>Command Description</th><th data-hidden></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>/listmods</code></td><td>Returns a list of server moderator roles.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/deafen &#x3C;user></code></td><td>Deafens the mentioned user in a voice chat</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/forceverify all</code></td><td>Force verifies all the users with pending verification in the server</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/forceverify user &#x3C;user></code></td><td>Force verifies the mentioned user.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/infractions clear &#x3C;user \ case_id></code></td><td>Clears all infractions for the user or infractions with the given <code>case_id</code></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/infractions view &#x3C;user></code></td><td>Returns the list of infractions the user has in the server.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/kick &#x3C;user></code></td><td>Kicks the mentioned user from the server</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/lock [channel] [time] [reason]</code></td><td>Locks the channel with given time and reason (if provided)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/lockdown start [reason]</code></td><td>Starts locking all the channels in the server.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/lockdown exclude &#x3C;channel or category></code></td><td>Excludes the channel/category when <code>lockdown start</code> is used</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/lockdown end [reason]</code></td><td>Ends the lockdown and unlocks all the locked channels.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/mute &#x3C;user> [reason] [time]</code></td><td>Timeouts the mentioned user for given time and reason (if provided any)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/slowmode set [channel] [delay]</code></td><td>Sets the slowmode with the given time (default is 6 hours)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/slowmode off [channel]</code></td><td>Removes the slowmode for a channel</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/softban &#x3C;user> [reason]</code></td><td>Bans the mentioned user to delete all the messages of that user and then quickly unbans him/her.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/totalbans</code></td><td>Returns the total number of bans the server has.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/unban &#x3C;user id> [reason]</code></td><td>Unbans the user with the given reason</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/undeafen &#x3C;user></code></td><td>Un-deafens the user from voice chats.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/unlock [channel]</code></td><td>Unlocks the locked channel.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/warn &#x3C;user> [reason]</code></td><td>Warns the user with given reason (if given any)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/warnings view &#x3C;user></code></td><td>Returns all the warnings user has received in that server/</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/warnings clear &#x3C;user \ case id></code></td><td>Clears all the warnings for a user or clear warning with the given case id.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/ban &#x3C;user> [reason] [duration]</code> <br><code>[delete message days]</code></td><td>Bans a user from the server with the given arguments where duration being the time for which user should be ban and delete message days being the past number of days from which messages should be deleted.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

{% hint style="info" %}
You can set the Mod Role from the [Dashboard](https://rilp-bot.tech).
{% endhint %}

### ModLogs Command and Arguments&#x20;

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>/modlogs edit &#x3C;user> &#x3C;case id> &#x3C;new_reason></code></td><td>Edits the reason with the given case id and mentioned user</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/modlogs stat &#x3C;user></code></td><td>Returns a graphical statistics representation of the mod-log for the mentioned user</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><code>/modlog view &#x3C;user> [type]</code></td><td>Returns mod logs of the mentioned user with the given type (if any)</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

{% hint style="success" %}
`/modlog view <user>` has 6 different types to classify and view modlogs namely **warn**, **ban**, **unban**, **kick**, **mute**, **unmute**
{% endhint %}
